All right guys so we're gonna start a small project here and has a presentation Web site.
So this is not really like a mainstream Web site but something that maybe you would do at some kind
of con friends if you want to if you want to have some kind of presentation but you don't want to use
PowerPoint.
You want to build something custom.
Obviously this is very simplified but you could add graphics to it charge stuff like that.
So basically we're going to be using a bunch of stuff that we've we've already learned.
So we're going to use variables we're gonna use a little bit of a key frame animation transition stuff
like that.
So basically when the page loads when it's going to reload it the talk comes in the side comes in.
All right.
And then we also have a transition on the button.
You can see it kind of fades nicely.
And this is like though the landing page.
So the greeting page and then notice there's no scroll bars.
I can't scroll up and down.
We actually have to click the button to go to the next page.
And what I've done is I've integrated that smooth scrolling J query script RJ query code that we used
a while back but you don't have to do that if you don't use it.
You'll just click and It'll just it'll just go to the next page it won't have the scrolling effect.
So it's up to you if you want to use that or not.
And then notice this is just page 2.
You would change the title here and the content you could add any content you want we have previous
which will bring us back up and then we have next which will bring us to the next page which is a different
color background.
We're gonna use variables for that and then the next page.
And of course if you wanted to add more you could.
But I just I just have four pages now.
These are not separate each team all pages it's all an end in this.
Well I called it landing each team Al but we'll be calling it indexed on each team L but it appears
to be multiple pages.
OK.
So this is what we'll be building.
So let's get started.
So I'm going to go ahead and close that up open a new tab.
Let's go to about here.
Just because I want to have both on the same screen and I just have an empty folder called presentation
Web site and we're going to create an indexed dot each time I'll file and let's create.
I'm just gonna do a style dot CSI.
So I'm not even going to create a CSX folder because this is a very small project.
So in our index each is generate our boilerplate I'm just gonna close this and let's just say presentation
for our title and we'll put in actually you know what we're gonna do is link our style sheet.
So let's go above the title and link and let's link to style dot CSX.
We don't have a CSX folder so we don't have to do CSX slash style.
And then for the content the content is going to be pretty simple.
So we're gonna have a section actually that's put a comment here we'll say this is gonna be page one
which is the intro and it's going to be a section.
These are all gonna be sections with I.D. So we're gonna give it an I.D. of page dash one and then each
one is gonna have a class.
I don't want to put the word class when to say dot and then the class name which is page.
Okay.
And then we'll have an H one and let's say Welcome to my presentation and then under that let's put
a paragraph and I believe I did Latham did 40 sounds about right.
So large 40 and underneath the paragraph we're gonna have a div in this div is gonna have whatever buttons
there are.
Now on the first page we're just going to have one button because it's just a next.
There's no previous words that were on the first page so let's do an A tag.
Let's give it a class of B10 because we're gonna style that and then this is going to go to the I.D.
of page dash.
Okay.
And then inside here let's say next page now we are gonna be using font.
Awesome.
So I'm actually going to go to font awesome dot com and we're gonna grab the link here so that we can
use these icons so let's put this right above our link to our style sheet.
Excuse me.
OK.
Now we should be able to use icons.
So I'm going to go after the text of next page and when to put an eye tag with a class of f a s let's
do a class of F A Dash arrow dash circle dash down.
OK so that will give us a down facing arrow.
So if I save this and we open this with live server we're gonna see something like this.
So notice the the arrow coming from font.
Awesome.
So for the next page I'm going to copy this whole section and go right under it.
And this is gonna be page two and get rid of that.
And this is gonna have an idea of page two.
And for the title or the H1 I should say I'm just gonna say page two.
I'm going to leave the same text.
Obviously it would be different content if this were a real life project and then down here the next.
This is going to have this go to the previous page.
I you know what I'll do is just copy the entire a tag here and paste it under.
And this one is gonna go to page one and this is going to say previous or prev page and then for the
icon it's gonna be f a circle up and then this one here is gonna go to page three and this is gonna
be circled down and it's going to go to the next page.
OK so now it's copy.
Page 2 Copy that section paste that in.
This is going to be page three.
Change that all to page 3 and then as for the previous it's going to go to page 2 and this is going
to go to page 4.
All right.
Actually one thing I wanted to do is for the see for the previous page button.
Let's let's give.
Also give that a class of button dark because I don't want them to be the same color.
So that'll be button dark.
This one.
Also button dark.
All right.
And then we have one more page to do so.
Paste this in this would be page 4 given an idea of page 4 and then the previous is gonna be page 3
and then we're not going to have a next so we can we can get rid of the this whole tag
all right.
And let's see.
We won't do the button dark here just because it's the only button.
All right.
So going to save that.
And that's what that's what we're gonna get.
And you can see just how much CSX does because this is the H Tim Allen.
And just look at this.
It's absolutely horrible.
So CSX is very important when it comes to shaping up a website or an application.
So that's the Tim Allen the next video we're gonna start on the CSX.